# lpclic
a script to optimize command history presentation and otherwise make the linphonec CLI for linphone more usable

LPCLIC is designed to make the use of the linphonec CLI for linphone more efficient by optimizing its history file.
This is accomplished by removing duplicate entries, some common typos and very short command strings more easily retyped in 
most cases than located in a long command history list. There will also be the option to limit the number of commands in the history.
This basic cleanup was my original goal when I started work on LPC, and a few sed expressions did most of the heavy lifting along with an alphabetical 
sorting that both assisted under the hood and helped the user find a command quickly. After using a couple of variations of this original script for a 
while I realized that I mostly used a small set of commands which led to me creating a favorite command list that would always appear at the top of the 
history and might be lost if I kept the list to a certain length. 
The other thing I found out one day when something went wrong is that it's helpful to have a list of numbers that one has called, perhaps a number is 
typed in to linphonec but never written anywhere else. It's almost always faster and easier to look locally than online in my VOIP service's records, and 
some services make it harder than mine which has a rather well organized website.
Finally actually having the last few commands used at the end of the history is often helpful, and the clean-up had done away with that, so that got 
added as an option. 
Now hopefully most users will find they have most of the benefit of a standard linphonec command history, but with out having an unwieldly mess that 
grows indefinitely unless they clean it up by hand.
In the future I hope to improve the detection/removal of typographical errors, and perhaps add functionality to change some options in the main linponerc 
file, but most of the additional functionality I have thought
of should be integrated in to linphonec itself, and/or handled in a way that both linphone's GUI and linphonec  could get at it.
Actually most of what I've already done should bebuilt in to linphonec, at the very least a way to  limit total hist file size           

Installation:
Just extract the tarball and run the install-lpclic.sh script if there is not a package available in a repo for your distro.

Usage:
The first time the user starts lpc a configuration file is put in to ~/.lpc/ and they are offered the chance to edit their favorites file as well as 
manually edit ~/.linphonec_history. 
The lpc.conf file is commented enough  to guide most users through available settings I hope, but all settings can be changed from the lpclic menus. 
See the lpc manpage  for more information.

Bugs:
I don't know of any bugs in lpclic perce, but it is not completely idiot proof, so you will not be warned if you configure  an lpclic editor that is not 
installed on your system or that has not been written yet, or enter a non-existent linphonec start command.
Sanity checks will likely be added.
As has been stated above there is still work to do when it comes to cleaning up typos.  Remember you can put anything in to your favorites file and it 
will not be cleaned up so you can have one or two number strings there for instance that would be removed from the command history, but you can also have 
illegal commands, wrong numbers and such there that will persist until you remove them by hand.     
